Gratitude:

In a special way, I want to say a big thank you to these two very great guys for helping me
compile all this articles into a single document.

Yinka Adegoke. He is an online sales/Support Expert. A Travel consultant, Business man and
a seasoned Football writer.
Twitter handle: @daddyinx
Instagram: @daddyinx.

Emeka Ezeanyagu. He is an internet marketer, a computer tutor, a Graphics designer and
Business coach. He is also the owner of Jamez Infotech Domain. + 234 8033220038.

Thanks for making this compilation

And also to my people at Double Your Profit Academy. I love you guys like kilode. Thanks
for the support and the kind words. You guys rock

How To Predict How Much You Will Make In 2018

Hello…

Yesterday I promised to share with you a ‘’money plan’’ that would ensure you make more
money in 2018.

Today I’m going to keep that promise.

Now, it involves a little mathematics, so you may want to get a pen and a paper.

Ready? Let’s get this done.

How much do you want to make in 2018? Write it on a paper.

Let’s say it’s 10 million naira. Divide it by 12 (months). That would be 834,000 naira. Now if
you have to make 10 million naira in one year, you’d need to make 834,000 naira every
month to hit your target.

Now…that’s a figure. But it is NOT clear yet.

We now know how much we need to make every month to hit our yearly target. Now we
must come up with WHAT we need to SELL to make that money.

Here is how to come up with that. The monthly target is 834,000 naira, to come up with what
you need to sell we need to divide that figure with HOW many of that stuff you need to sell.

Chill you will get it.

Let’s say you intend to sell 50 pieces. Divide the monthly target by 50. And that gives you
16,680 naira. Now, that figure is the price of one unit of what you need to sell to hit your
target every month.

The next thing to do is to find a 16,680 naira product you need to sell.

And any month you sell less than 50, you need to make up for it by selling the deficit number
the next month.

This keeps you on track, makes your goal clearer and helps you achieve more.

Try it….

And here is why it is powerful, when you come up with a unit price, what you need to sell
comes up along the line.

Do it now….

After coming up with your figure, I will like to help you achieve them next year. So it is
important you do it now.

After doing your figure, simply comment ‘’done’’ in the comment box so I know how many
people are in on this.

Part 2

In my previous post I showed you how to know how much you’d make in 2018.

And exactly the price of what you need to sell, and how many you need to sell every month
to make that figure. If you missed it, just scroll down and find it.

Now, we are going to get a little practical. I want to show you WHAT YOU MUST SELL to
hit your target.

Now hold on….

….Note the key words. What you must SELL.

Which means you need to SELL something if you want to hit the target.

In this post I will be showing you the things you need to sell if you want to hit your target
FAST. Then in my next post, I will show you how to set up systems you can use to sell these
things effortlessly on complete autopilot.

Let’s get into it, shall we….

…personally, I have ALWAYS hated to sell my time. You know, doing a 9 to 5 job. The
reason is simple. The pay is fixed, and it can’t grow exponentially. I mean, if it is 500k you
go home with monthly – that is it, no matter how much you kill yourself it doesn’t double.
This is not how I want to spend my life.

Not unless your boss decides to throw in bonuses, which is still nothing compared to what
happens when you SELL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES using marketing systems.

Let me spell it out just in case you missed it. To hit your target fast, you need to sell A
product. Or some service….and you need to do it with marketing systems.

So, let’s say you sell a product worth 10,000 naira. Just selling 50 will give you a gross of
500,000 naira. Sell double that number and you are smiling to the bank with a million naira.
No job gives that sort of flexibility. So, if you must meet that target don’t make those plans
with your time.

Right now, you probably have a business or a service you are selling. If you do, awesome. If
you don’t, then you need to start thinking of one….

…this is where I come in, I’m going to be showing you how to sell a tonload of
WHATEVER you sell.

But here is what you need to know first. Business models. You to know about business
models

There are three business models in the world.

Cheap product business model

Luxury product business model

And subscription business model…..

Here is how they work. Cheap business model is the one MOST people do, it is the one you
are probably doing right now. I hate it, it is slow. Way too slow. Like, selling cakes for
instance…. assuming you sell a cake for 1000 naira. And you intend to make a million naira
MONTHLY. What it means is you will need to sell 1000 cakes every month to hit your
target.

One friggin thousand. That’s a whole lot of cakes. and you need to unload all of them in a
month (who wan chop am). That’s a lot of work. Whatever you do, if you must hit your
target, let selling cheap stuffs not be a CORE part of your business.

That takes us to the second model. Luxury product model. This is the type that Gucci do.
IPhone too. It is easy.

Think about it, if you must make 1 million selling 1000 naira products, what you must do is
sell 1000. But let’s assume that you are selling one product for 50 grand. To make 1 million,
all you need to do is simply sell 20 pieces.

TWENTY. Personally I charge 500 grand to go over your business and help improve it. And I
don’t care if much people can’t afford my service, if I get just two clients in a month that is a
million naira. Plus I get to have my free time, take my girlfriend to the movies and have fun.

In fact, it is my second favourite model. And in my next post I will show you how to turn
WHATEVER you sell into a luxury item, how to increase the price and still have people rush
for it. If you must hit your target fast, you need to ‘’Luxury up’’

And finally, the third business model and the BEST. Subscription based model.

This the type Dstv run, PHCN, AWEBER…..every month you pay a fee. This is goldmine. If
you run a business that charges people monthly, you have built a SURE ATM for yourself.

Think about it, assuming you need to make 1 million a month. And you have 20 customers
that pay you 50k each, all you need to do to keep 1 million naira every month is to make sure
that you ALWAYS have 20 customers.

It is more predictable.

Alright, now I need to stop here for now. In my next post, I will show you how to apply this
in your business. And as we progress I will show you HARDCORE marketing secrets you
can use to sell stuffs like crazy.

Don’t miss any of the posts

Part 3

By now, if you have been following this series, you already know 3 major things.

One; how to forecast how much you’d make in 2018, and how to know the exact figures you
need to make monthly to hit that target.

Two; I told you that the only way to hit a major target is to SELL a product or a service.

Three; then I showed you the THREE business models anyone can use to sell whatever they
sell.

In the next few seconds, I will give you THE BLUEPRINT. How to use all these things to
DOUBLE the money you are making from your business right now.

Let’s get into it…

The best way to INCREASE how much you make in a MONTH is to have MULTIPLE
sources of income.

Think about it. Someone making 7 million naira from three sources is better than some other
folk making 7 million from just once source.

So does it mean you need to start MULTIPLE businesses to increase your income?

NO. not necessarily

Rather, you need to take your business, and then create multiple sources of income from that
ONE business.

How?

Simple; by applying ALL the business models in your business TOGETHER; at once. I call it
the Tripartate System

Stay with me, let me break this down for you.

Earlier this year, I was hired by a makeup brand to come take a look at their business. The
business was suffering, they were not making much money, customers were not coming. Rent
was due and they were desperate.

I took a look at their business and noticed that all they had was just ONE income source. All
they did was offer make up services.

So I looked at the manager and was like; ‘’Ma’am, you are leaving money on the table. Why
the heck would you offer just make up services?’’

She looked at me like I was crazy. ‘’Because that is all we offer’’. She said

She had paid quite a huge sum for my services and I could see by the look on her face that
she was almost regretting it. LOL

So I took a pen and a paper and I wrote three things.

In fact, I want you to do this now for your business. We are about to develop a triparte system
for your own business. So stop reading this now, go get a pen and paper before you continue.

Done?
Now write this three things down.

1. Low Cost product (3,000 – 7500 naira)

2. Luxry Cost Product (10,000 – 300,000 naira)

3. Subscriptions (10,000naira – 150,000 naira monthly)

Now besides these three items, write the product or service you need to offer in each of them.

For the make up company, here was what I came with for them. This will give you ideas for
yours

For the low cost products, I wrote ‘’normal make up gigs’’

Luxury cost product, I wrote ‘’Home services’’, they were already doing that so I threw in
‘’Trainings’’

For Subscriptions; I wrote ‘’Partner with event companies’’

Then I developed a system for them to use and pull in customers (I will explain how to pull in
customers later). And by the end of the month, they had over 1.8 million naira in revenue,
from struggling to make 50 grand. But before I get into a break down of how they reached
this result, let me tell you why it is important you do this.

Have you asked yourself why people buy VIP tickets? I mean, in the VIP section the drinks
are more expensive – yet people pay big money to get in, and still feel good for spending all
that money. Think of whatever VIP ticket thing you know, AY show, Clubs. People buy a
bottle of coke for 2000 naira for Christ sakes.

Have you ever considered; which is easier. Getting a new customer or getting an old one to
buy more stuff. A new customer doesn’t know you, they don’t trust you….an old one does,
and they like you.

So what we did was to offer a FREE facials. We did a huge campaign for it. Got over 350
women to come in for a FREE facials (people like free stuff)

People came in, and then they were offered a special membership, and they were told that for
getting the facials they had automatically qualified to get into this special facebeat
membership program. We even gave them a membership card.

But with a catch…

Their membership would expire if they don’t activate it in 30 days. But if they activate it in
30 days, they would get a 25% discount on the makeup service for life. The normal make up
thingy was 10k, but if they make up within the next 30 days, till they die they would get a
7,500 naira charge for each one. Plus one free massage, one free pedicure, one free manicure.

All they need was just to renew within 30 days.

Low cost product

Out of the 350 women. More than 200 came back to renew their membership card within the
first 20 days. That was over 1.5 million naira in revenue.

I took it a bit futher, and asked them to offer a higher card.

Anyone who came in to activate their card was offered an upgrade, a gold card. ‘’Thanks for
activating your card, Right now you have just activated your card, here is a higher card. Just
in case you want to learn make up. We charge 300k, but this card qualifies you to get the
training for half that price for a One Full Month training. But you will have to activate it in 30
days or the card wastes’’

Two women out of the 200 activated their cards for 150k each. That was 300,000 naira – 1.7
million naira in revenue.

Luxury service .

Then we met an event company. And asked them to offer an optional make up services as
part of their services, and the make up company became their official make up company for a
50-50 price split.
Subscription. This sealed it up for them. The CEO started smiling like chicken whenever I
came around.

I went further again and designed a system for them that ensures that every month they keep
the wheels running like this. That system is a post for another day.

But I hope this sets your creative juice running.

Now go figure out how to implement it in your business.

See you in the next post.

Peace .

HOW TO GET CUSTOMERS

See, here is the BRUTAL truth.

If you don’t know how to market your service, your product…. yourself, you won’t LAST
much in ANY business.

And even if you do survive a little, you won’t make much money.

I’m going you to tell you a story. Just so you get it. Last year, I and my friend Mike Leo went
to the market to buy some stuff.

So, while we were walking through the market we saw one product that caught our eye. A
Vaginal Tightening cream. The moment I saw it I knew it would sell like crazy with the
RIGHT marketing.

So I tapped Mike, pointed at the product and I said; ‘’Make we sell this stuff’’. He laughed,
then said alright. Just like that. And we walked into the man’s shop, told him we wanted to
buy the vaginal tightening cream.

He looked at us, saw we obviously didn’t have breasts and probably thought of asking us
what we wanted to do with the thing. That evening we walked out of the shop with THREE
cartons.

One carton contained about 50 pieces. The three of them had 150 pieces. We created a
marketing campaign, took the product campaign online, tripled the price of the product and
sold it off in less than 30 days.

When we came back, told the guy the three cartons was finished and we wanted more, he was
shocked. He was still struggling to sell off one carton.

Learning how to market your stuff is like learning how to wield magical powers. The moment
you learn it; you learn how to control your bank account.

Marketing is a big subject. But I will start by teaching you just a tiny fraction of the topic in
this report.

How to Effortlessly Get Customers for Your Business.

Here is the first rule. Don’t chase customers. Don’t. They should chase you.

Now think of it, remember how you feel when you walk into the market and someone
attempts to drag your arms? You feel annoyed, and irritated and pissed off.

That is what you do when you go around stuffing your flyers into people’s hands. You irritate
them, some of them even take your flyers to the toilet, amigo. I kid you not. They should
chase you.

How?

I will get to how in a bit, but here is the FIRST thing you must get right before you start
looking for a customer.

First. Find a Selling Point for your business. And be clear who your customers are.

I once consulted for a big name in the Internet Marketing circle (I hope she doesn’t see this.
LOL), she was selling a weight loss supplement online but sales were low. VERY low, so she
hired me to help take a look at her business. When we talked on skype, I asked her one
question.

‘’What is your selling point’’

She stared at me, then said something I didn’t like. So I asked her a question. What are you
selling.

‘’Weight loss supplements’’. She replied. I shook my heads, No that is not what you are
selling. In fact, the reason you are not making shishi is because you think you are just selling
weight loss supplement.

‘’Now, what does iPhone sell?’’

By now she was getting uncomfortable. ‘’Phones’’. She replied.

I felt like giving her a knock at this point. I shoke my head.

‘’No’’. I said. ‘’Iphone sells expensive phone. Class’’

‘’What does Techno sell?’’.

By now she was getting it, so she said… ‘’Affordable smartphones’’.

I smiled at her. ‘’Good. Iphone sells expensive phones. Clear selling point. Techno sells
affordable smartphones’’.

That is what every great business has in common. Clear selling point.

So I asked her again. What are you selling, ma’am. She threw her hands up at this point,
confused. I smiled.

‘’You don’t have a selling point’’. I told her. ‘’Now lets get you one’’.

So I told her to sell a weight loss supplement for women who just gave birth. And to position
the product as a solution for baby fat. That single clarity doubled her sale the next month.

Here is why this works so well. The more specific you selling point is, the more you attract
customers.

Why.

Take that weight loss pill for instance, everyone is selling it. But when she came and said;

‘’This is just for women who just gave birth’’, women who just gave birth will say to
themselves – ‘’since this is just for us, and not like the random weight loss thingy out there
then it probably works. Let me choose it over the rest of the craps out there’’

Bam…more sale.

Weight plan for women with stretch marks. Bam, you raise above the competition and slay
like a boss.

Now, when you are done with getting your SELLING point, and being super specific about
who your customers are. It is now time to attract them.

The next thing is to attract. Note, I did not say ‘’Go After’’ or ‘’Chase’’. The key word there
is ATTRACT

How do you attract. How do you attract people, how do you get them to come and meet you?
By offering your right customers something they cannot refuse.

I was hired once by a make up company to help increase their sales. I went in, and we picked
a selling point. ‘’Make Service For Women in The High Middle class and rich folks’’. We
went to the churches where they frequented, the restaurants, the gyms they came to and we
did one thing.

We offered a FREE Facial.

And it PULLED them in. So this is the key, offer something relevant to the target audience
you are working to attract and they will come for it.

When I was making a post promoting my group, I did one thing. I made it clear I want people
interested in business, interested in how to make more money from their business – everyone
else should take a walk. Then I offered entry into my underground online academy.

Now, the more people I help make money the more will be able to afford my services. Plus
already I have very well to do clients in the group, people who come to my inbox because
they want me to be a marketing consultant in their business.

ATTRACTION. With a free gift.

I once worked with a school owner. She wanted to get more students in her school. Her
school was nice, the environment was cool but parents were not bringing in their kids. All we
did was simple, we organised a FREE workshop for parents who wanted to learn how to
make their kids good at maths and pass in flying colours.

Venue was the school, so we can use style and show off the school environment. At the end
of the workshop, interested parents who wanted the school to do what was not on their kids
were asked to simply enrol their kids.

Right there on the spot over 90 parents registered their kids.

NEVER underestimate the power of a free gift. But note, the gift must be designed to make
the customer want what you have to sell.

And it should not cost you. Very important. You can’t go and give free painting if you are in
the paint business, you will just wreak. But you can give FREE paint surveying,

Where you come and look at the house and give advise on the paint combination to use. Then
after that, ask – ‘’Will you want us to do it for you?’’

I once helped a new restaurant craft the perfect free gift. I told them to offer a free 200
airtime of any network of choice to every customer that comes into the restaurant. The meal
was making profit at 500 naira, I told them to increase the price to 700 naira.

People came in, bought the meal. Got the airtime and always came back. And the business
didn’t lose money because the money for the airtime was already included in the meal. The
customers would come all the way from far places just to eat in that one restaurant in order to
get FREE airtime.

Sales doubled. People that bought always came back.

A year or so ago I worked with a barbing business that was suffering. They were not getting
customers, so I told them to take the contacts of the customers that come in.

Ask them their favourite day of the weak, plus their numbers.

People that picked Monday as their favourite day of the week will get a call every two
Mondays. ‘’Hey, today is your favourite day. We are just calling to tell you that we are going
to cut your hair for 380 naira because today is your favourite day’’

Something as silly as this increased sale. People started waiting for their favourite day to go
in and get a haircut. Sometimes all you even need is to offer a free glass of wine to a
customer that walk inside your door.

Let your creative juices flow.

My brother once came back from school with a white paper. Some dentists had done a FREE
teeth check on them and they discovered he had a hole in his teeth. Like that like that, on the
paper was a discount code…if he could just come in the day after tomorrow they would fill
the teeth up for half the price.

…..And our wallet went, skrrrrr, papapapapapa!

Now, how do you think you can apply this in your business.

How to "Keep" Money

It took me a lot of years to learn what i'm about to tell you right now. Come closer.

For some, this might be something they already know. So they might not find it really
helpful. In fact, what i'm about to show you is very simple. And because it is so simple
people sometimes miss how powerful it is.

But still; the question is, assuming you already know this secret I'm about to tell you, do you
really practice it?

If you don't then better start today.

So what is the secret?

This is how to manage cashflow.

Assuming you are starting from scratch. You have a paying job and some business. You
basically make spurts of money from here and there. And you have this dream to start small
and build an empire.

But you’ve noticed a problem; you realize that keeping the money you make is hard. Harder
than even making it. You make and then you spend it all.

So some very important question arises. You begin to wonder:- How do you re-invest what
you've made?

- Why is it that money keeps slipping out of your hands after you make them.

- Why is it that after every month you start afresh without a dime remaining from previous
cash you've made in the past month?

- Should you reinvest everything you make at once, or save them till they pile up and then
reinvest?

If you've not asked yourself any of these questions then it's either your dad is horribly rich
man and he pays your bills or you are far too young to worry about money issues, or you
don’t have plenty sense like that. You are a rebel marketer, so I know your sense overflows.

In such case where you haven’t bothered about the above questions, don't worry your little
head about them. Just close this post and enjoy your peaceful life.

But if you need a solution to these questions, here it is -

1. Create an "investment" savings account. Let this bank account be different from your
personal account. Don't have an ATM card to this particular account

2. When you get your income; take out a part of it FIRST. The part you take out should never
be less than 5 percent of your entire income (you can take out more if you like).

3. Take that 5 percent (or more) and keep pouring it into the investment savings account.
Never touch it, not even during emergencies - that account is sacred.

4. Use the remaining part of your income, put it into your "personal" bank account and do
whatever you want with it; feeding, taking your babe out, clothing, offering...whatever. But
let your hands never dip into the investment account.

5. Keep saving up money in the investment account; when it gets to an amount for the type of
investment you have in mind then invest it. (be careful how you invest, so you won't loose
this money)

That is it.

If you keep mixing your income and putting everything into your personal account, you will
keep spending it. And you know what that means, it's like going round in a circle.

You make, and you loose everything and then start all over again. I've learnt that no one gets
ahead in life that way.

But that is the ‘’safe path’’, and safe is boring. Plus you might keep money aside and then
one day something will come and, fiam, you deep your hand into your savings and finish it in
one sweep.

That brings us to the BETTER way.

Increase your income. You do this by selling more of your products, or being good and hot in
demand at what you do and charging premium prices

Someone who makes 100,000 naira monthly will be able to save 50,000 naira faster than
someone who makes 10,000 naira. It is really simple.

The higher your income, the faster you will be able to save plenty money for investment into
your project.

Hope this helps.

"How to Spot A Business That Is Guaranteed To Be Successful. Part 1"

Product Hotness:

What i'm about to show you is one of the MOST POWERFUL business lessons i've learnt in
the past few years.

This ONE thing can make you more money in your business life in the next few months if you
learn to follow it.

You see, some businesses are way hotter than some others.

Have you ever wondered why people who push drugs turn out rich most times?

Or why most churches have cashflows running in millions of naira on a weekly basis.

The key is simple - it is as a result of what I call: "Emotional Demand"

The higher the "emotional demand" for a product is, the more you'd make money from it. Note;
I did not say "Demand", i said "Emotional Demand". They are two different things.

Look at it this way. Let us take cigarettes and drugs for instance. People who take cigarettes
and drugs know it'd kill them. Heck, it's even written on the cigarettes pack that these stuffs
kill - yet, people buy it.....

It is LOGICAL that a drug addict or a cigarettes addict should not take it. Yet he does.

Why? Because when they want to take the ciggarate it s not logic working, it is their addiction
- their emotions.

Now, let's move further away from drugs and cigarettes. Gucci, Armani, Zara, Bently, Rolls
Royce,.....These are brands that are priced 30 times more than other product in their market.
Yet people still buy it.

It is not logical to buy a pair of 9,000 naira shorts at MAX, yet people buy it.

Some pairs of Jordan sneakers sell for as high as 500k for one, yet people buy.

Why?

"Emotional demand". The demand for products like that are connected to the emotions. The
higher the emotional demand for a product the more hot that product or service will sell.

So how do you know a product or service with an emotional demand.

There are three characteristics they have. They can have all or one of these:

1. They are addictive.
2. They make the buyer feel like he is special or affluent.
3. They solve a pressing problem that makes the buyer feel shame, fear or pain or they appeal
to greed.

Let's look at it one by one.

Akin Alabi used to sell ebooks over the internet, then he started nairabet.com and became super
rich.

Why? Because gambling is addictive, plus it appeals to greed. Gamblers gamble even when
they know they might loose. Greed keeps them going back to win 1 million naira with 200
naira, even when they keep losing.

Baba Ijebu - Lottery is addictive.

Ciggarates - Ciggarates are addictive.

Now, Affluence - people buy Gucci umbrellas for 200k. I mean, Umbrellas sell for 200 naira
at Onitsha, and they catch rains too. So Why would anyone even want a 200k umbrella.

Yet, Gucci as a brand is richer than all the Okirika sellers at Alaba put together.

MMM was hot because people had pressing need they wanted money for, so they wanted to
double money fast. Pressing problem + a little greed.

It doesn't mean business without this element wouldn't be successful, but business with these
elements are MORE LIKELY to be successful than others.....they are high on the emotional
demand scale.

They are hot!

Look out more for high emotional business or find a way to turn your current business into an
emotional one.

However, Not all high emotional demand business can be successful. There is an angle to
follow if you must be successful with ANY emotional demand business.

That would part of what i will be explaining in my next series, plus more.

Peace.
PS: If you already have a business, don't pack up yet. Chill, i'm just starting....soon i will start
showing you how to package and sell your goods so they'd sell as fast and hot as hard drugs. (I
don use drugs too much give examples for this post sha. Take care buddy!)

"How To Spot A Business That Is Guaranteed To Be Successful".....Part 2

Scalability:

Before, we go on with this series i need to make a SPECIAL announcement.

First off, i have not been able to read the answers to the "Assignment". I have been freaking
busy today. Came back late, then made dinner and jumped on my laptop immediately after.
Didn't even have time to eat it. Very tired already as I type this so i'd take time to go through
the answers tomorrow.

Secondly, the major reason why i started this group is to raise ACTION TAKERS and for those
already taking action, i want to show how to get more profits out of their business. This isn't a
literature academy, you have to read my stuffs and ACTUALLY put it into practice.

I have started from the very basic....."How to start a business that pulls in profit". The reason i
started with this is i want to make sure EVERYBODY here is seling something, a product or
service, before i start teaching marketing proper.....Soon i would start filtering off the action
takers from the readers and i will begin to upgrade them into a higher academy.

I want people who actually do things, not dreamers.

I'm also aware that some of you here on this group have 6 figures and 7 figure businesses. I
know some of you. Real massive action takers. I urge you to feel free to post here if you wish,
so people can also benefit from your wealth of knowledge.

For Today's Topic....

Scalability (Ability to expand).

The key to having a business that would make a million and more monthly is the ability to take
it, start small and grow it to serve lots of people....the possibility to grow to serve a whole
continent.

Is the business you are doing NOW or the business you have in your mind likely to grow into
every country in west Africa?

Not every business has this quality. But the ones that do are the ones that can actually make
you lots of profit. And they start making you that much profit even before you grow to be that
big.

I have a formula i call the formula of exponential increase due to business expansion.

Look at this:

1 raise to power one is one.....raised to power two is still one. Even if you raise 1 to the power
of 100 it is still 1.

But here is where the magic starts happening. It starts from 2.

Stay with me, you will get this.

2 raise to power of 1 is 2. 2 raised to power of 2 is 4. Raised to the power of 3 it becomes 6.

.....it keeps expanding EXPONETIALLY from two, three, four and on and on.

This law also operates in business. If you have a club serving just your area, your profits will
never increase exponentially.....but when you open another club somewhere else, and another
one and another one..... your profits starts flying through the roof.
The reason the CEO of peace mass transit is rich is because he has more than one
bus.....exponential increase

Shoprite too, they are in lots of countries.

MTN is in lots of countries.

The man with three shops at Alaba too.

Business that make tremendous profits do them because they replicate themselves

Your business needs to have the potential of replication, your business needs to start replicating
itself.

If your business does not allow for scaling you are not building a business you are just chasing
an opportunity to make small money and then run out of customers...

So here is what you need to do for me now. Ask yourself if your business can be scaled. If it is
not and you are planning to make millions from it, it won't work.

PS: We are done with this series, gradually we are covering the basic stuffs every member of
this academy must know.....In the next post i would be writing on how to start a business and
dominate the competition even if everyone else is doing that same business.

The Power of Being EXPENSIVE

In the next few seconds, you are going to discover ONE TINY little tip that can DOUBLE
your profit in 2018

….but here is the thing. It goes against EVERYTHING you have ever been told about
business.

In school, your economics teacher probably made you memorize this line….’’The lower the
price, the higher the demand’’

Guess what, that stuff is total BS. Let me prove this to you.

When I started running my marketing practice, my plan was to get as much clients as
possible. I was just an eager young lad who wanted to prove to people he was good. So to
handle my client’s marketing I charged as low as 50,000 naira.

….I would come up with the marketing messages for this guy, create a full sales funnel for
them, write contents for their website, give free consultations, write their sales letter, write
their email series.

I slaved for peanuts. And usually I gave this guys stunning results. Sales triple, they get mad
results and they make many times the fee they gave me.
And I was dying.

….But that wasn’t the problem.

The problem with charging low is that you attract headache giving people. These clients I
charged 50,000 naira were a pain in the ass, they would call you up at night, make crazy
demands and practically be all over you BEGGING you to make sure their money doesn’t
waste, because it’s their ‘’last card’’.

As I got better at my game, I increased my fee.

And at this point something incredible happened. The demand dropped. Yes.

But I started making MORE than I was when I was charging 50k.

The question is how.

Let me show you something.

Let’s assume you sell an online course for as cheap as 7000 naira. How many sales do you
think you’d need to make 1 million naira?

143! One Hundred And Fourty Three

Now, let’s say I increase the price to 50,000 naira. All you need to hit 1 million is to simply
sell 20.

Will the demand be low, yes. But guess what, it will be way way easier than selling 143
pieces for 7000 naira each.

I’m serious.

Let me prove this to you.

When I increased my fee. I noticed something happen. I started to repeal some certain kind of
people who couldn’t afford what I was charging. But guess what. The ones that finally did
pay didn’t worry about money. All they were interested in was RESULTS.

I started to attract business people who were already making money, but wanted to just
double it. To this people my fee wasn’t the problem, they were just interested in getting my
expertise in on their business.

Now, picture this….

Which would be easier?

Getting 143 people who are struggling financially to buy a course for 7,000 naira. Or getting
just 20 people who are already making money to buy a course for 50,000 naira.

The later don’t worry about money. So paying 50,000 naira is nothing to them. All you need
is just prove you’d deliver. The moment I figured this out, I started working twice as much to
be able to work with just these kind of people and give them the results they want.

I was talking with a friend the other day and I told him, look – when I decide to drop a
marketing course it will not be cheap. It will be full of value, but it will cost money. This is
why I still give out free stuff, anyone who can’t afford the premium content should enjoy the
free ones.

So let’s talk about your business.

What are you selling?

It doesn’t mean you should become expensive. But then, have a range of products. There are
people that want cheap stuff, and there are people that want luxury.

This is why you have ONE PLANE, two sections – Economy class and First Class. And
people still fill up the two. One club, Regular and VIP and the two is filled up.

Heck, people even desire the expensive stuff more than cheap things. Everyone wants to wear
Designers, everyone wants to be in VIP. There is garri, and there is KOKO garri.

The question lies on who you want to attract in your business. People that like cheap stuff, or
the big boys. The choice is yours.

But then, have a upper product for your business.

If you have a barber shop, have a regular side with just barbing services. And VIP section
with free wine, free hair dying and manicure. You would be shocked that people would pay
double the price of the regular fee just to get in on the VIP section.

This is the surest way to increase your profits. And have peace of mind.

The Power of Being Expensive. Part 2

How do you start a business and turn it into a luxury brand FAST. How do you charge twice
what your competition charges and still crush them.

I’m going to go on and break this expensive thing down in this post

I was in at a cool bar last weekend. And when I walked in the place was this big nice place,
with the disco light thingy, sofas and music blasting and all.

One part of the bar had a short glass barrier. And I saw quite a number of people right there. I
asked one of the waitress and she told me that was the VIP section.

‘’How do I get in’’. I asked.

‘’The services are different, sir. In there Heineken is 600 naira, here it is 400 naira’’

I looked at the place. It was the same big bar. Same air condition was blowing all of us. Same
breeze. The only difference was that the seats were nicer and the glass barrier was in front.
Daz all.

But they were paying MORE for drinks.

The secret is one THING.

AD ONS. The same thing most people call packaging.

I know a barbing salon that charges 2,000 naira while everyone around charge 500 naira. Can
you beat that? 1,500 naira difference…..the only difference is that the barber shop is nice, and
while you wait for your turn they give you newspaper, and a glass of wine – as in, one bottle
of wine that they will be pouring small small inside cup. Plus the place can be chill like a
refrigerator

People go there to cut their hair, then come out and brag about it.

To position yourself as a luxury brand you need to offer more value that your competitors are
not giving. SIMPLE.

It is called AD ON. Packaging.

The more attractive your ad on is, the lesser people with money will argue your price with
you. All they’d say is; ‘’It is worth it’’

The well to do don’t buy products. They buy into experience. Why would you spend double
the price of CIROC just because you were in the VIP section? Simple – because of the VIP
feel, the look of envy from other club goers, the look of admiration from the ladies, the
premium treatment from the. waitress.

The damn experience. Someone in my previous post said it depends on how long you have
remained in business. Let a mama put stay 12 years in and increase price to Quilox standard
without packaging like Quilox. She will eat the food herself

Why would you buy an iPhone for that high price? Because you want to pull it out and people
will say – ‘’Chai chai, he has an iphone’’. Because you want to take mirror selfie with the
thing and the half eaten apple will show. Because you want to enjoy apple store, and the cool
apps that don’t run on android.

The damn experience, Brethren.

The more awesome experience you offer, the more your price will be acceptable no matter
how high. And what makes the experience – simple; Your ad ons.

You need to iPhone up, and people will pay you iPhone money for your product or service.

This is actually a very deep topic and I cannot finish it in one post. Will stop here for now.

How to Increase the Number of People That Buy WHATEVER You Sell

This will be REALLY quick

I want to show you ONE little marketing trick that can dramatically DOUBLE the number of
people that buy WHATEVER you are selling right now, WHENEVER you run an Advert.

Imagine this scenario.

What if anytime you write an advert people would RUSH to give you money.

Not all that…

What if you discover One little thing you can add to your adverts, and if you put your advert
side by side with your competitor’s ad and show the same advert to TEN persons, EVERY
SINGLE ONE of them will choose you OVER your competitor.

Every damn time.

Sounds too good to be true, right? Yeah, that is the same reaction I get from clients when I
tell them about this one secret then they apply it and the result shocks them silly.

Do I have your attention now? Good. Enough of the teasing, let’s cut to the chase.

The One Thing That can double the response rate of your ad is A BRIBE.

Let me break it down.

Picture this…..

You see two restaurants. Side by side. They have the same menu. They both sell rice, and
Ewedu and chicken, and Nsala soup (Btw, I love Nsala soup to the havens and back, Moving
on)

Now, you see two of these shops and there is a SIGN BOARD right in front of two of them.

The sign board in front of one of the restaurant, Restaurant A, reads;

‘’Food is Ready. Buy Now’’

Restaurant B’s sign board has a different CAPTION.

‘’Food is Ready. Buy Now. 2 Extra Free Meats for Everything You Buy Before 4PM today’’

Now, take a look at the two sign boards in your head. Where will you go to eat?

Cut the meat small small, no wahala – people just like bribes. Daz all. It will still pull them in

Just so I PEREFCTLY make my point. I give thee another illustration, Two barbing salons.
One says Barb your hair. The second says ‘’Barb Your hair now. Free Manicures – Monday
and Wednesdays’’

Are you feeling the BREEZE?

When you make an offer, and ask people to act Now, and give them a bribe for acting nau
nau, then give a deadline for your bribe You AUTOMATICALLY double the desire for your
product in your customer’s head, and you get them to act.

Let me run you through it again

Offer + Tell Them To Act Now + Bribe If They Act Now + Plus Deadline For Bribe =
Katakata in their head.

Lai dat, lai dat

This little ad on to your ads make your offers Juicy and attractive like a bag of money.

PS: Lol, I don't even know what's doing me this night. I cannot, for the life of me, tell why I
chose this picture for this post.

Marketing Lessons You Can Learn From Abacha, Beer, Pimps and Prostitutes

Would You Want Abacha With Your Beer, Sir….and Some girls?

LOL…

I have been laughing really hard all evening.

The reason is because I met a ‘’Pimp’’ for the first time today. I kid you not. Really funny the
way the whole thing happened

Plus i picked a marketing lesson from the experience that I wish to share with you.

Let me give you the full gist plus, of course, the marketing lesson.

So a friend I had not seen since University days came into town, and this evening me, another
friend and this guy drove out of the house to this really cool joint somewhere in town.

We walk in, take a table and this really pleasant faced girl walked up to us.

‘’What would you want’’. She asked.

We ordered for some drinks, she went off and returned with it. While she was opening the
bottles, she looked up, smiled right into my face and said.

‘’We have Abacha o’’.

If you haven’t heard of it, Abacha is this really popular food in the east. Made from cassava
(See attached image). Tastes really great if it’s made just fine. She went ahead to describe the
kpomo and the fried fish and what not that usually come with it, and how well they make it

We ordered for some. Plus she was damn persuasive. I mean, she didn’t need to push hard but
the way she described the thing I couldn’t wait to munch it.

She went off, and returned with the plates some minutes later. And while she dropped it, she
was making conversations, Laughing, teasing us and all. Midway through our short
conversation, she dropped a hint about how great their barbecue was….

My friend looked at her, and told her to chill while we first eat the Abacha, what’s her own,
does she want to kill us. She laughed. Said no, and went off.
Soon my friend. Who loves fish a lot, gave in to the temptation and ordered for the fish.

Again ‘’our friend’’ brought it, and as she was setting the fish on the table. She whispered in
a ‘’friendly confidential’’ manner.

‘’We have girls o’’.

‘’What?’’ I asked. Totally lost.

She looked at some girls on a table near us. I followed her eyes, got the message, threw my
head back and laughed.

‘’No abeg, Let it stop at the fish’’. I told her. ‘’We are cool’’.

My friends couldn’t believe we almost got some escort upsell and we have been making
jokes about it since then.

But I want you to notice something.

She offered us Beer….
Then she came up with a complimentary product; Abacha. To go with the beer. Quite
obvious.

Then another one, Fish…a variety, for the beer too. Now she was one really ‘’all out’’ sister

Then *Coughs* the last offer. She didn’t stop at the Abacha.

This is called a sales funnel, or profit maximises.

Now, to you reading this now. What profit maximizer do you have in your business? If you
don’t, you are leaving money on the table. If you do, how many? Is that number enough, or
can you add some more?

On first year eve, I went to the market to get fresh tomatoes for stew. It was quite plenty to be
blended at home, so I had to go to another shop to have it grinded.

Another shop, ladies and gentlemen.

Imagine how many people that buy tomatoes from this lady, imagine how much she loses for
everyone that goes somewhere else to crush their tomatoes. While she could get a little
machine, and have someone operate it for her.

Look, don’t be like the Tomatoes woman. Be like the waitress

Ask yourself now, what product can I offer to the people who buy my stuff to maximize my
profit. What profit maximisers can I introduce into my business.

Here is a little pointer.

Your profit maximisers must compliment your main product.

If you sell brush, throw in toothpaste, then cups, then teeth whiteners….then teeth checks.
Please don’t offer tooth pulling services if you are not a dentist, I beg you in the name of the
baby Jesus.

Shoprite, on the other hand, knows how to do this. They have some shelves close to the check
out counters. And while you stand in line to pay for what you have already bought, you see
sneakers staring at you, cups, wine openers and a bunch of stuff. Because they want you to
keep buying right to the door.

..and before you know it you are pulling them off the shelve to add to the already full basket.

Profit maximisers, my friend. Get some.

How To Get Famous And Powerful People To Take Notice Of You...secrets of making
friends with & marketing to people who have already made it.

...I want you to think about this for a moment.

Assuming Jay-z was just a random dude on the street, With a 6 hours daily job that pays a
dollar equivalent of 30,000 naira monthly...

Let's assume he lives in a 2 bedroom apartment and drives some old pick up van. Do you
think he would have met Beyoncé? With all her fame and glory?

Alright, let's assume that by some stroke of luck he does meet her....do you think Beyoncé
would have dated him or agreed to marry him?

Now, stay with me buddy...here is the hard truth…

...people are never friends with people below their level.

It sounds really harsh. But that is the bloody truth.

Even if the high-in-level person smiles at someone below him, it's never as an equal...no
matter how humble he is.
Look at the way a doctor responds to the greetings of a cleaner in his hospital. Even if they
are cordial with themselves, there is always that deference from the cleaner and that superior
air about the doctor.

It's involuntary.

It's not something people do consciously. It just happens. It's like the way you respond to
greetings from someone ten years younger than you vs the way you respond to the greeting of
someone 10 years older.

...everyday young ambitious people walk into the office and DMs of rich men to BEG for
start up capital...

And every time they walk away, empty handed (I did this too many years ago, till I received
sense from God)

And we curse these men sef, and call them stingy.

Nah, they are not stingy...they just don't respect you.

I know you think you are smart, you have this big dreams and you believe you are special and
that you will be great in life....
I feel you, and I have been there before. But here is the hard realiaty.

I feel you, and I have been there before. But here is the hard reality.

Well, this "great" people you will run to for help don't believe in you yet. They just don't give
a dime about you. They don't care about your dreams, they don't believe in them...heck, they
don't even have the time to listen to you talk about the dreams in the first place.

They are not been wicked. It's how life is, amigo.

The only way you can get these people to listen to you is when you have something going on
for you. To get their attention you have to show that you are making something happen, in
your own little way.

That's the only way. You think Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg would have got investors for
his company if he hadn't started Facebook and run it till it caught "fire".

Some years back I got invited to a no-fee-asked, exclusive seminar of just 10 or 15 persons
with one of my biggest role models - The CEO of Nairabet.com, Akin Alabi. And it was
because I already had an online business which was making profits. If I didn't, he wouldn't
have looked my direction.

Fastword to this year and I have worked with and personally handled the marketing of some
of the biggest names in the internet marketing community right here in Nigeria, people who a
few years ago I watched from afar.

Before you go asking people for start up capital to start a fish business first buy a
fridge...when people see you have something happening already, that's only when they will
hop in and be part of your dream....

...don't wait for that uncle, start small. Do something. Start from somewhere. Keep pushing
and with time you will be able to walk into the room full with your former role-modes, but
this time, they would be your rivals and they would treat you as an equal.

Only then will they take you seriously. Only then....

It even boils down to getting a mate of your dreams....if a guy in an Range Rover sport and a
guy trekking says hi to a very pretty girl at the same time, the girl go first answer the dude
wey dey Range Rover Sport.

Gerrit?

Good luck in your hustle. Keep pushing, keep working. One day when you clap, they will
hear the sound.

How To Double Your Profit. Part 1

Alright here is the deal….

In this post, I will show YOU the FOUR pillars of profit doubling.

Which means, that if you work on these FOUR THINGS in your business you are going to
dramatically, double how much you make from that business.

You see, the difference between you and some other guy who is completely badass at making
more sales than you from their business, and also doubling their profit is because they know
THESE FOUR PILLARS, and have mastered the art of using it to their advantage.

Guess what buddy. I’m going to show you what those pillars are, and then I will show you
how to touch them, just small small touches, and ultimately, from next month, your business
will start bringing in more sales than you are used to

Okay?

So, when ANYONE says. I want more sales in my business. All they usually focus on is
ONE THING. And that is, that they don’t have customers.

BUT. The reason you don’t make money is not JUST because you don’t attract customers.
There are other things involved.

1. The Number of Interested customers you attract
2. The number of those INTERESTED customers that actually CONVERTS to buyers
3. The number of things they buy when they buy.
4. The number of times they repeat a purchase.
5. Your profit margin.

BE CAREFUL….

These things I am about to show you are INCREDIBLY powerful. These are the things I can
COMFORTABLY charge someone 50k just to teach them. They are that important.

So, look at those FIVE points up there.

Those are the STEPS of profit doubling, and you need to work your way down. I’m going to
make you see how important they are, then in my next write up I will show you STEP BY
STEP, how to work on them.

STEP one, you need to ATTRACT MORE interested customers. Note, I did not say
customers or buyers. I said INTERESTED customers. Which means they did not REALLY
come to buy.

Okay?

They are just interested in what you have to sell. Maybe they are passing and they see the
way your goods are displayed and they look at it, or they hear a song blasting from your shop
and they just look. To double your profit, you need to start by getting MORE people to just
LOOK at your showcase. Not want to buy – just look. That is the first. (Don’t worry, I will
show you how to do this later, Your General has you covered).

This first stage is called the LEAD GENERATION stage. Interested customers are called
Leads.

Two; When you get people to LOOK YOUR WAY. The next thing is to make them pull out
their wallet and buy. It could be as simple as, buy before 4pm today and get two free meat.
This stage is called the CONVERSION Stage. If people are looking your way, if people are
entering your shop and not buying then the problem is FROM THIS STAGE.

It’s not your village people. Nobody put juju for you. The problem is you are NOT doing
conversions well, you are not chuking them the buy injection enough. I will show you how to
do this too. Chill

When you start converting leads (interested customers), the NEXT thing to work on is to
Increase number of sales per purchase. That is, if one unku enters you should get that unku to
buy MORE THAN ONE product. Here is why, if he buys a product with a profit of 1 naira.
Your profit is just one naira. But if he buys another one of 1 naira profit, your profit increases
to 2 naira.

Got it?

Very simple stuff but most people overlook it. Someone comes in and order for just rice and
you just package it and sell, you don’t ask – ‘’can I add meat?, what of soft drink?’’

Moving on.

When you are getting interested customers, you are converting them, and more people are
buying more per purchase – but the profit is not enough for you; then the next step should
kick in.

Get people to come back. If you make a profit of 2 naira, and they come back again the next
day – that is another profit of 2 naira. Again, I will show you how to get them to come back.

If you do all those 4, still not enough. Then increase your profit margin. That is, if it is giving
you 2 naira profit then increase it to 4 naira. You can do this by increasing your price Or
repeat all the four strategies above.

Now, I will repeat this. To double profit, here are the key areas to focus on.

1. The Number of Interested customers you attract
2. The number of those INTERESTED customers that actually CONVERTS to buyers
3. The number of things that buy when they buy.
4. The number of times they repeat a purchase.
5. Your profit margin.

I will break down how to do each of them in a new series. I will run this series
simultaneously with the digital product one, so that people who don’t want to build a digital
product business or have a business already won’t be left out.

Don’t miss this series if you have a business. Cheers.

How To Double Your Profit. Part 2

Alright guys….

Shall we begin.

In the previous part, I told you that there are 5 AREAS you need to FOCUS on if you’d want
to DOUBLE the profit you make from your business.

Here is a step by step list.

1. Get customers interested.
2. Convert those interested customers to buyers.
3. Increase the number of items those buyers buy.
4. Get them to buy repeatedly
5. Work on the profit margin

In this post, we are going to cover the first one.

Here is the thing.

The first step to getting someone to buy WHATEVER you sell is to get them to just look.

Hawkers understand this, This is why when they walk around, and they shout ‘’buy your
water’’ with a funny voice, you end up looking. And then you realize you are thirsty and you
call them to come over.

You must have noticed this happen to you. Think about it.

You had no intention to buy these things. But they scream and announce what they sell and
you look, then you realize you want it and then you call them over.

This is BASIC buyers psychology. You need to grab attention first in order to sell something
to someone.

But then, people don’t know THE RIGHT way to get people to look.

Now picture this, you are walking through a market and then someone grabs your hand and
says come and buy this fine watch. Most of the time you’d hit his hands off. Right?

Now, that is the thing MOST people do when they want people to buy your stuff. You go
around spamming groups, telling people how great your product is. But here is the problem.
NOBODY believes you when you say you have a great product.

Everyones says that.

You need to do is to SHOW them. This is why these men who sell stain removers make a
killing, they get a cloth with a stain on it, remove it right there in front of people and people
start buying it up like crazy.

You need to find a way to get people to ‘’FEEL’’ you.

I’m a badass marketer. I have created campaigns that made my clients millions of naira. I
have built a 6 figure business selling eBooks.

But I can’t come here and tell you that. I show you how badass I am by showing you the
magic I can do via my free trainings. (LOL, I just bragged right now)

But you get the picture right?

Get people to LOOK first, before you get them to buy.

So how do you get people to look. Different business have different strategies.

It could be as simple as replacing your door with a sliding glass door and displaying your
products on beautiful stands behind the closed door. As simple as mounting a speaker in front
of your shop.

It could be as simple as giving a free version of what you sell. Imagine how many ‘’looks’’ a
mallam would get if they put a sign board in front of his shop and say: ‘’Free testing’’

Right now, you need to ask yourself. How do I act like that pure water seller, what do I do
that will shout out to my ideal customer and get them to look.

The moment they look at you, the next thing would be to walk into your shop and when they
enter. Then you hit them with the stage two.

In the part two of this write up, I will show you how to get people to buy after they take a
look.

How To Double Your Profit. Part 3

*How to get people to buy*

Very quickly;

in this post I will show you how to get people to buy your product, after you have gotten
them to take a look.

But before I get into that, I need to address something.

Some of you have been asking me how you can apply what I have been teaching to your
particular business. Some have also complained that the strategies I’m giving are for offline
businesses, and they have their business online.

Here is the thing. What I’m showing you are FUNDAMENTAL laws.

Maybe the problem is I gave examples using the offline world. But marketing is marketing,
and a business is a business. Whether it is offline or online. The laws still apply to both of
them.

So when you read these tips, don’t just breeze through and assume the examples or principle
does not suit your business. Ask yourself HOW you can apply it to your business and see the
magic that will happen inside your head. Don’t just restrict yourself to my examples,
understand the underlying principles they develop your plan.

You hear?

Now, moving on.

How do you get someone to buy something? Simple, by making them an offer they can’t
refuse. This is why when a restaurant owner says: ‘’you get 2 extra meat for every meal you
buy before 4 pm today’’ or ‘’200 naira airtime for every item you buy from us’’

it makes people want to go in and buy.

Therefore, to get more of your interested prospect to buy – you need to know how to make
the perfect offer.

I dragged out a post I wrote months ago about how to make a perfect offer.

Here you go:

The other day I saw a post somewhere where someone was referring to a good offer as
“offering an iPhone 6 for 70,000 naira”. I shit you not.

It’s a good offer; sure….but is it a good offer for you as a business person. You can only
make an offer like that only if you had either stolen the phone or if the phone is damaged.

The question now is “how in the friggin hell do you make a real life offer that will be good to
you and still be mouth-watering to your customers”

There is a step to developing one. I call it “The 8 Step Offer Gun”

Step #1. First you need to point blank tell them what they are getting,

Step 2. Show them how awesome that stuff they are getting is

Step 3. Go further and throw in a bonus

Step 4. After that, tell them the price.

Step 5. Tell them why that price is nothing compared to what they are getting. Plus why you
are making such a good offer in the first place (or they will run)

Step 6. Give them a damn good guarantee.

Step 7. Show them why it is not risky to do business with you
Step 8: Hit them with scarcity

Swing on with me, I will show thee a practical example. I know you want one.

So let’s try and create an offer for the iPhone 6

I have a black sleek iPhone 6 for sale. I have only used it for 7 months so it is still
unscratched and looks absolutely brand new. When you buy it, I’m going to give you a
follow come white charger too, so no need spending 3000 naira getting one. Plus it comes
with 146 apps I had been installing for the past 7 months of using it,

Price – 120,000 naira.

This is the cheapest you can get a fairly used one around. Ask around. Go on Jumia and
Konga, most iPhone 6 are selling for 150,000 – 200,000 naira. And they are not even brand
new ones. The reason why I’m even willing to sell at that price is because I need to sell it off
quick, add the money to the one I already have and get a new iPhone 7.

Feel free, if you get the iPhone, use it for 1 week and if you notice any fault tell me and I will
return your money and take back the phone. I’m willing to sign an undertaking if it will make
you feel safer.

Call this number for inquiries 0703********** Mondays – Wednesday only. 1pm – 2 pm
only please (my new scarcity strategy. Hehehe)

BINGO! You have an offer.

Study how I interwined all those elements into the offer. Take a pen, rewrite it, use it as a
template and try to come up with yours.

You can use The 8 Step Offer Gun to sell on Facebook, to write a quick advert for your
products, your service, to sell your phone, your car….anything. You can use it to talk to
customers.

Happy usage.

PS: Use this formulae to develop an offer for your product or service below. Will announce
the person with the best offer on Sunday

How to Double Your Profit. Part 4

A couple of years back, I started a business with a friend and we were selling a particular
product for the women folk, An ‘’intimate’’ tightening cream for women.

Now, before I move on. Here is a quick lesson. As a rebel marketer, you don’t sell what you
want to sell. You sell what people want to buy.

Back then, I did a quick research and found out that women wanted a product like this,
something that works in tightening their ‘’intimate’’ area. Did I like to sell it, nah. Did people
want to buy, like hell they did

So I swung into action with my business partner and we took it to the market at 16,000 naira
for one pack.

I wrote a quick sales letter, put it out on Linda Ikeji’s blog and started pulling in mad sales
with it. Some of you might have seen the ad at some point.

We Sold the product under the pseudonym – Mr Bassey and sold a TON load of that stuff in
under weeks using a delivery company.

The money was coming in, but it got to a point and stabilized. And then profit started to
dwindle. So we had to pull out the number 4 rule of doubling profit. Which is; get your
buyers to buy more of your product.

Here is how it works

To run each ad, we spent 50,000 naira in advert. And each time we ran this ad, we saved the
numbers of OUR BUYERS. Not leads. Buyers. We saved their numbers on whatsapp.

At some point, after running our ads for like 6 times; we had over 247 buyers in our
Whatsapp lists. So what we did was we asked ourselves what would Someone who bought an
Intimate tightening cream likely buy again?

We arrived at two conclusions.

Since they were women. They would want, a slim tea and a stretch mark removal cream. We
bought the two, packaged them together and sold it as a pack for 22,000 naira.
Then we sent a promotional message blast to everyone on the whatsapp list we had. And that
evening we received 34 orders from our already existing customers.

Without spending on ads.

Our profit for that month spiked. And like that, anyone who buys our first cream we'd offer
them the slim tea and stretch mark removal pack two days after they get their delivery.

So this is one way to spike your profits too. People just sell one product and they are done.
Have a list of your buyers, and from time to time send them promotional messages. Tell them
about your new stock, tell them about special discounts, sell them a different but
complimentary product to the one they already bought.

If they bought a shirt, offer them a trouser, and a tie, and a suit and shoes.

If they bought a weavon, they would want weavon oil too….heck they will also want to fix
the damn thing. The more you get the customers that come in to buy MORE, the more profit
you make. That is the fourth law of doubling your profit.

Easy To Use Price Strategies You Can Use To Sell High Priced Products. Part 1

Hey Rebel Marketer;

Here is what is going to happen. In this post, I'm going to show you exactly how to grab your
prospects by the balls and make them see the high price of your product as chicken change.

It's not voodoo.

Just plain simple price psychology. You might have seen some of these stuffs used before or
some of them might have been used on you without your knowledge.

Either way, after reading this stuff you would be able to use it yourself to get money out of
your prospects pocket like "touch and follow"...

(LOL, God I can hype eh)

Alright, enough of the hype now. I know you are starting to loose patience already. Let's cut
to the chase. Shall we?

Balls Grabbing Price Strategy 101
-----------------------------------

A high Price does either of two things in people's minds.

1. It either increases resistance to buying. As in, they see the price and go like: "Damn. 20k? I
can't afford that" and bam - they leave your site. Or they may go like: "errrrr, i'm not sure it's
worth it. Too expensive abeg" and fiam, they hit the exit button.

2. It increase the perceived value of your product. This is why people brag about the price
they bought their Hermes bag or iPhone 6 Plus for and not the quality the bag or phone was
made for.

You get it, right?

When you turn up that price; you give people either of this feeling.

You don't want them scrolling through your sales page and having feeling number 1. You
want to grab them by their balls and make them go borrow, if they don't have money, to buy
what you are selling.

Well; you can do this by pointing a gun to their head. In which case you would not be selling
anymore. That would be extortion, right. You don't want to do that. Better to go the legal
option. Ball grabbing price strategies.

Here they are.
1. Show the pain.
2. Hit the contrast button.
3. Box-Full it.
4. Price-Cloak.

Don't mind the fancy names. I like to be a bit dramatic. Will break them all down for you.
What all these strategies does is to INCREASE the value of a product when you INSERT
them into your sales letter during your price argument.

Stay with me. You will get this. Let's take them one by one.

1. Show YOUR Pain Then Lace It With THEIR Benefit.
--------------------

When you show your prospect the great length you went to either acquire your product or to
make it, you increase the value of that product.

I will give you an example. Check this out.
"The price of my sales training video is 20,000 naira. It took me exactly 7 years of trial and
error and about 1,000,000 naira in self training to fully discover the bad-ass money-coughing
sales secrets you are about to discover in this video....

.....I could charge you 50,000 naira for it and still wouldn't be over charging. But you are in
luck, i'm going to take those step by step blueprint it took me years to discover myself, and I
will hand them over to you for 20,000 naira so you wouldn't have to go through the loss of
thousands of naira in profit like I did"

This is a rough draft, but you get the picture. Right? Show them all the bad bad things that
happened to you when you were getting the product ready, the efforts you put in, how much

you spent to develop it then give them the benefits all this translate into for them and, fiam,
the value would go up.

This can be used in a wide variety of niches.

Another example...."This energy drink contains herbal extracts from a rare plant found in
Jaratata Indian. It takes about 16 months to mash and distill the liquid from the herbs so this
energy drink would be made.

That's about a year and four months. Right now I have only 12 bottles left, it would take
about 4 months to order for fresh bottles and have it sent into Nigeria. The price is 17,000.
Naira but the first two to take up their phone right now and order would get 3000 naira
knocked off the original price. And that is 14,000 naira if you order right now"

Now think up how to use this strategy in your business

Let's stop here for now. In the next post I will show how to use the "Hit The Contrast Button"
to increase the value of your product.

Peace...

Easy To Use Price Strategies You Can Use To Sell High Priced Products. Part 2

Before you read this, dearest royal rebel sales-gun-blazing marketer, you have to read part 1

In this particular post, i'm going to show you ONE powerful price strategy I learnt from
actively studying and reverse engineering 107 sales letters written by the 3 BIGGEST paid
copywriters in the world.

Now hold on buddy, what did I just do in that second paragraph up there?

Think...

If you read part one of this write up then I'm sure you know from that paragraph that I just
"show-pained" you. Shey you notice how that first line affected you? Again, read part 1 to get
what I mean.

Let me copy and paste the line I meant so you will get it:

‘’In this particular post, i'm going to show you ONE powerful price strategy I learnt from
actively studying and reverse engineering 107 sales letters written by the 3 BIGGEST paid
salesmen in the world’’

By just reading that line I increased the value of this article in your head by showing you the
pains I went through to learn what i'm about to show you. Now, you want to learn what I
learnt from reading 107 articles written by the 3 top copy writers in the world.

Init?

If you don't know what i'm talking about, read part 1 my friend then come back to this one.

If you are following, Let's begin...

Strategy #2. HIT THE CONTRAST BUTTON
-------------------------

I have this cream I use, right? The brother who sells it to me in the market sells it for 2,000
naira. About 2 days ago I went to the mall and I bought that same cream for 3370.

No price dragging, like I did not come and starting asking "Nne, what is the last price". I just
wiped out my debit card and paid the lady at the counter. I mean, it's shoprite. I had to pay a
higher price because I didn't have the strength to go and start finding "Brother" inside the
market.

According to my brother, my real brother this time, I paid for both the AC I collected and the
fine tiles I walked on while buying that cream.

That's the "shoprite effect". You pay for the convenience of buying in a well structured
environment.

Now; have you ever thought of taking that shoprite effect and ---vaaaaaaaaa; inserting it into
your sales letters (adverts)?

Ever thought of that?

How can you do it? No worry, you are my friend. I will show you. Follow me.

The way to bring in the shoprite effect into your sales letter is to make people see either what
they are saving for buying your product or the return on Investment they would get when they
buy your product. This process is called "Hitting The Contrast Button". When you hit them
with this, price becomes nothing to them.

Read that paragraph again, brethren....go on, read it again. slowly. I need you to really get it.

If you are going to charge your products or your services at a high price, then you need to
show your prospects what they are SAVING by buying that product or the RETURN they
would get for using your product.

Let me give you an example. Here:

"This sales video is a 3 in one package. In it I would show you how to generate mad-ass
traffic from Facebook that would make you as much as 200,000 naira in pure profits in the
next 27 days.

Plus I would also show you an exact step by step blueprint I use myself to craft money
magneting banging adverts that made me over 600,000 naira last month.

And that's not all; I would also throw in my special don't-even-go-there plug and play
Facebook posts that would turn your readers into raving fans in the next 7 days.

Normally, if you are to attend separate seminars to learn theses 3 underground inner circle
secrets, it would cost you about 20,000 naira each.

That would be 60,000 naira for the three. For a fleeting moment I thought of breaking this
video into three and selling them separately. But guess what, I won't be doing that - I’ve
decided to package all this and give it to you at a price of One. So instead of paying 60,000
for these 3 videos. All you need to do to get your hands on this super packaged video is to
pay Just 20,000 naira.

And bam! You've sent the value through the roof.

The Shoprite effect, Ladies and gentlemen, you are saving them the inconvienice of attending
seminars and three for that matter, Just by buying your video.

Simple. Init?

The next one is "showing what they save by buying". Now let me show you how to increase
value by showing ROI.

Ready? Oya...let's go. Check this out:

"This Stretch marks removing cream costs just 10,000 naira. Which is exactly the price of 3
shoes. One thing about your shoes is that it's going to wear off and tear. But this cream would
PERMANENTLY remove your stretch marks for the rest of your life. Which is a better
decision? buying a couple of shoes you would have to dump one day or buying a stretch
cream you would benefit from the rest of your life. That decision is up to you.

Bang Bang Bang; You shoot out their wallets

The end, for now. Will continue tonight...

PS: My best movie of all time? The Godfather. So don't mind the picture,

Easy To Use Price Strategies You Can Use To Sell High Priced Products
Final Part

See eh, forget all the long talk eh. Here is the no-long-talk truth about selling expensive stuffs
easily. The key is to make the customer have a high "perceived value" of that product.

Finish...

If the product has a high perceived value already, turn it up a notch and even if they don't
have money to buy, they will goan borrow. People borrow to buy iPhones

It's that simple...

Alright, maybe not all that simple sha. But you get the drift.

IPhones do this.
Moet do it too.

By the way, you could get high faster from taking black bullet that from taking Moet. But
you can't go and take a snapshot of yourself with black bullet and post on Facebook. You will
look like a drunkard. But with Moet, i'm a baller....People would be like: "wow, that's a Moet
he is holding. Oh wow, that's Quilox in the background. He bought it there? Jesus, this dude
dey ball o"

Perceived value.

Jesus, i'm digressing....

If you missed it, there is a part one and two to this article somewhere around here.

Let's dive into our topic today....

Strategy #3. The Boxfull strategy.

This stuff can Triple what you've been making selling anything you sell, both offline and
online.

Here is the thing. When you give your prospect the impression that what they are getting is
plenty, it skyrockets it's value - big time.

Like, this stuff works faster than any strong alcohol you can think of. It holds your customer
by the balls and knocks him on the head till he runs to the bank to make a deposit.

Here is how to use it. Examples.

"For buying this stretch mark removal cream, i'm going to give you a box-full of free bonuses
worth 5000 naira at no extra expenses. My little way of saying thanks for doing business with
me"

Boxfull, that one word can take anything and Triple it's value.

"The price of this 7 in one digital Video series is 17,000 naira. Each is about 1 hour each. If I
decide to make it into an actual physical video it could be split up into enough CDS to fill a
meduim sized box. And it would weigh about 13kg and might probably cost me 5,000 in
courier expenses to bring it to your house. But for just 17,000 naira you will get it in one
flash so you can start consuming everything by tonight"

You see plenty things? People like it eh.

This is why they jump on bonuses. This is why Apple brings that product to you in a box, to
mess with your head and make you forget you bought a fancy over-priced nonsense that
doesn't even have bluetooth. Like who does that, who builds a phone without a working
bluetooth.

Let me not digress...

But you get the picture, right?

Find a way to Boxfull what it is you sell and watch the perceived value of that product go up.
And when perceived value go up, people would badly want your product. And when they
badly want your product, selling it becomes easy.

That's all.

PS: Increasing perceived value of a product doesn't just happen in a sales letter. Many things
are involved. Like, a Boxfull of other strategies. If I decide to teach it to you in person, it
would take about 12 straight hours to exhaust them and we might still not be completely
done. And it could fill a 217 page book if I decide to write about it, plus I could charge
150,000 naira and you would be extremely happy you paid that amount after I expose them to
you, step by step.

PSS: The PS was a Boxfull strategy.

PSSS: I was actually serious in the PS. It's worth all that.

How to Write Powerfully On Social Media

…it’s a science.

Really.

By the time you finish reading this you are going to learn how to quickly write social media
contents that would INCREASE your brand on social media and make people
EXPECTANTLY look forward to reading your stuff.

…and not just that, this would set you apart from EVERYONE else in your industry and
make you two times more influential than the people writing the same thing.

Now…pause.

You just learnt the FIRST lesson in powerful social media content creation.

Scroll up, re-read the 4th line, the line after ‘’REALLY’’. That line was a hypnosis technique.
When I tell people I inject mind-control into my write ups they think I’m just making it up.

I really do.

That 4th line is what is called A PreFrame Technique. This is just one out of many others I
am willing to expose.

I put it in to control your mind to finish what I write. Here is how it works, if you tell
someone what they will discover if they read something, and you tell them a benefit they will
get if they discover that thing….you make them curiously read the write in search of what
you promised them.
Think back to the feeling that line gave you. The feeling of expectation. Right? That is the
first secret, use the Preframe technique to set up expectation in the mind of your readers and
they will read your stuff.

Re-read all that again, if you don’t get it.

Here is some examples

Let’s say I want to write about dog-shit.

‘’Hey guys…in this write up I want to write about dog-shit. And if you read this to the end,
you will learn how to use dog-shit to double the size of any plant. Guaranteed’’

First make them a promise of what they will get by reading the article, and it makes them
want to read it, and when they read it their minds work tirelessly to look out for that promise
you made.

This is when you hit them with technique number two.

Short Cliff hanger sentences.

Now, scroll up and look down at this write up.

You see things like.

''Now…pause''

''I really do''.

''Let’s say I want to write about dog-shit''

What do you notice about these lines? They are short sentences, right? I write in chunks. I’m
still doing it. I use full stops a lot. Can you notice it?

See what I just did?

Do it, and your write ups will read smoothly.

Notice how this write up feels as you are reading it.

It feels like you are breezing through.

It’s because of two things, One; short sentences. Two; Cliff hangers.

So what are cliff hangers?

Very simple…

Cliff hangers are lines that make you want to read the next line. Like the first two lines above
this one. These lines

So what are cliff hangers?
And
Very simple…
You notice how it pulls you down into reading the third line where I explained what cliff
hangers are.

Guess what?

I have cliff-hangers scattered all over this write up.

Almost every line is incomplete, and you need to read the next line to complete it. I do it a
lot, whenever I want to write something long I bring out my cliff-hanger bag and sprinkle it
right through….

And you know what it does?

It pulls you down through the write up….

(I just did a cliff hanger)

Here are lines that are cliff hanger starters:

Every form of questions, Let me explain. Follow me. Check this out. Read the next line very
carefully. Re-read the last line, very important.

You get this?

Alright…let’s move on

(Those were cliff hangers, by the way)

Now…Short paragraphs. Keep it down to 3 lines of paragraph max, then give space and start
a new paragraph. I explained that concept better here === >
https://web.facebook.com/groups/doubleyourprofitacademy/permalink/382314472231209/

Also, please…stop those dry jokes some of you guys throw into your write ups. I don’t know
where you picked that nonsense from.

Stuff like; ‘’Oya come and beat me’’ ‘’Chai, there is God o’’.

I cringe when I read stuff written by people who struggle so hard to be comical while giving
value. Stop it! It makes you look like a joke.

If you must be comical, keep it classy. And minimal, don’t turn the whole damn write up into
a night of a thousand laugh. Two lines of comic is enough and it should be absolutely
necessary.

There are many ways to sound warm without the yeye jokes.

Like writing like you are directly talking to one person. Just see how I am flowing. This is
exactly the same way I will talk to you. Do you make all those playful noise when you talk,
one on one, with someone?

Do you say those chais, and there is gods, and the rest of those struggle at being comical and
warm.

Relax, don’t write to impress. Write to communicate, like a normal person.

Also, beware of your progressions ladies and gentlemen.

Let me explain (this is a cliff hanger)

There is a flow to writing. To understand this flow you need to understand pain point
progression. When you want to write about how to make indomie….you need to understand
there is a progression.

You buy indomie.

You boil water.

You put indomie

You put spices

Sha, this is how I cook my own. I don’t know about you. Just in case you used to sieve water
before you pour spices (note; This is how to make a joke in your write ups, it doesn’t have to

be that hilarious, just laid back and personal and friendly piece of fun stuff. Don’t over push
it)

So, quickly moving back to progressions. least I digress.

When you write, you need to follow the pain point progression… when you do that, write
short sentences, throw in cliff hangers your wrote ups will flow like a stream

This is the secret to becoming a great writer. Nothing more. Understanding the progression of
what you want to write and then breezing through them one after another

So, hit them one after the other with solutions to the pain points in their exact progression.

Tell them how to buy the indomie.

Then how to boil water.

Then how to put the indomie….in that order.

This is why my write ups are always in series. Pain Point Progressions.

Another thing, BE SIMPLE.

I am a super smart guy (If you don’t believe it, na you sabi). No jokes, I’m super smart. But
when I write I don’t show that off. I write like I’m talking to primary 3 kids. Anyone can
understand it.

One thing about simple write ups is everyone gets it, even a professor and a boy in JSS3

Don’t write big words. Don’t write complicated sentences. Keep it simple. The simpler they
are, the easier people understand and because they understand it well they see you as a
master.

The more people understand what you write, the more they will see you as a master.

I have to stop here. This stuff is long enough

…. Imagine, Two – Four – Five Months From Now, You Become So Damn Good At
Marketing.

So badass that you can come up with a FULL marketing plan on your feet – very fast, any time
any day, take up a product, and know exactly what to do to sell off a tonload of the thing, and
PULL a massive number of customers to yourself.

As a coach or a person offering service Imagine if you discover exactly how to get people
waiting in line to patronize your service that they even book you four months ahead, just
because you are so occupied right now and can’t handle their job.

….and instead of going to your competitions, they wait for you.

This is what a solid knowledge of marketing can do for you. This is why I created the Rebel
Marketers’ Community. Click this link to join instantly if you are not already a member === >
https://www.facebook.com/groups/doubleyourprofitacademy/ Over 6,786 people and counting
are already a member of this community.

This community is a barrack. That is how I want you to see it. You are a soldier. Together we
are an army. And by the time we are done, you are going to become a marketing special agent.
A Jack Bauer of your industry

Your competitors will shiver at your feet, at the mention of your name they will tremble, and
when you start selling what they are selling they will change business. ….because the moment
you show up, it’s game over for them.

This is what this community is about. I want you to understand that. This is MORE than a
Facebook group. It’s a movement. And I want to raise marketing soldiers.

Because you have read up to this point, I’m extending this special invitation to you. Join here
== > https://www.facebook.com/groups/doubleyourprofitacademy/

Talking About Doing It vs Actually Doing it

...a lot of people are JUST dreamers. They have big dreams in their heads. They go about
talking about how much they are going to succeed.

...the feats they will achieve.

...the milestones they will cover.

These people go to instagram and like memes about wealth (or whatever else it is they dream
of).

They talk big, really big and they put on airs. They dream. A freaking lot.

...............BUT...........

Behind all those dreams and big talk and the airs is NOTHING else.

All they do is say how wealthy they are going to be (for instance) ; but yet - do not take
actions at all. Not even a single action.

They dream of having big cars, drinking expensive champagnes and dating top models but do
nothing else to achieve all that except talk about it and dream.

The mistakes people make is assuming that JUST being ambitious and having a positive
mindset is all that matters.

No....
You also need to work for your dreams. To work your damn ass off.

Liking a thousand "you will succeed" prayers on Facebook will not do shigbam for you.

Tapping into whatever favor your pastor "sells" when he says donate and tap into super-
natural wealth will NEVER work if you don't put in the required work.

Reading all the motivational books you can lay your hands on - John Maxwell, Napoleon
Hill, Brian Tracy; name them - all those are not enough if all you do is just read them.

You have to soil your hands. You have to get down and get dirty. You have to fight life and
allow yourself get stabbed. You have to bleed for your dreams. You have to sweat!

But then;

Sometimes people take actions the wrong way.

How do you eat an elephant?

Do you try to gulp down every single part of the thing at once. Of course, you can't. You
have to first nibble little on the ears...

Little by little. That's how you take action.

So you want to make a million naira from your business in the first quarter of the year? Set
targets to make fifty thousand first. Then when you cover that milestone, increase the target
and set eyes on a hundred and fifty....

That's how you should approach whatever action you feel would get you to your goal. In
chunks

Someone who wants to be be a Ph.d holder in whatever must first get a B.sc. You don't jump
in these things.

So...do more than you talk about What you want to do (Re-read this slowly).
Goodluck.

Price Down Trick

Very quick one.

Have you ever wondered WHY Shoprite have prices like this.

49.99
32.99
49,999

It’s a trick. A little mind game marketing trick.

Price is a perception. It is not real

Think about it. There was a time Samsung phone with antenna was sold for 50,000 naira.
And people bought the ‘’stone’’. Today you wouldn’t even want to be seen with that phone in
public.

You bought 1k power banks for 7k some years back, now you can't even buy them for free.

Why.

As of that time the perception of the price seemed like nothing. The human brain decides
whether something is high or low BASED on how much they buy other similar goods. And
you decide whether or not price is high or low subconsciously.

So, let’s say you want to buy OMO for instance.

Outside shoprite the price is 50 naira.

In shoprite they sell for 49.99 naira. And subconsciously your brain interprets it as a bargain,
as being cheap.

Look at the two figures. Which looks more expensive?

49.99 naira or 50 naira.

I know you went for 50 naira. But think about it. 0.01 naira difference. That you still end up
paying at the counter, and EASILY leave the change with them.

The price is just to make it easy for you to make a purchase decision. When you are walking
down and looking at prices 49.99 naira doesn’t look like 50 naira, but it is still 50 naira. And
because it is not 50 naira your mind plays a trick on you and makes it look like 49 naira.

It’s simple price psychology. The human brain focuses on the numbers to the left if a series of
9s comes after it.

Check these out.

23,999 naira.

In your mind you see Just the number to the left. 23, 000 naira. But the actual price is 24,000
naira.

27,999

84,999

2999

And because you perceive it as being within the range of 2k, you feel you are buying it for 2k
without knowing you just entered into the 3k region.

There are OVER 20 completely badass price tricks like this one, For instance….there is a
way to sell something for 100,000 naira and you trick the minds of people to believe they
bought it for 20, 000 naira.

Completely badass Voodoo stuff. But I’m going to teach that only when I decide to drop a
course. Its super advanced.

Again, 9 is the magic number.

When you want to use this price perception trick use 9 as the last digits. If the price is
24,000...If others sell at 24,000 naira...sell for 23,999 naira. Your customer would perceive it
as 23k, then the both of you should now start looking for change

Little Marketing Secret For Business Growth

This Little Marketing Secret Will Grow Your Business Beyond Your Imagination.

Back when I had my dating digital product business, I learnt what I am about to show you the
HARD way. It cost me thousands of naira before I figured it out.

And by the time you are done, if you follow what I’m about to show you right now and apply
it to your marketing – it is going to make you get twice more sales than you are getting now.
No Jokes.

Very simple concept. Here is how it works.

You see; back when I was selling my dating eBooks with the Charles Nneji alias; I had one
major problem.

‘’Some set of people’’ always bashed my marketing messages. If you have gone through the
articles on nairaland or linda ikeji’s blog you’d notice it yourself;

And here is why they bashed what I wrote. I taught that you didn’t need money to get the
women of your dreams. Some guys thought it was just a bunch of BS, and to get a woman to
like you you just need to have plenty money.

Truth is, they were right.

But they were only half right. In as much as women love successful men, if they want to
actually fall for you it is your personality that would make them. Not the money. And
moreover, most of the people that read my article were not rich….

…so imagine telling them that they needed money to get the girl they love. They would get
discouraged, and not make a move and ultimately they would NEVER buy my eBooks.

That was when I made ONE TERRIBLE MARKETING MISTAKE.

I started to try to convince the UNBELIEVERS; The ones that believed it takes money to get
a woman. I started to write sales letters that tries to prove that you don’t need money to get a
woman And, bam, my sales started to suffer.

Why?

Because I was speaking to people less likely to buy, and leaving out people more likely to
buy so they didn’t connect.

For you to better understand this, imagine this scenario.

You are kidnapped and put in a small room.

Then two men walk in with guns. Then from a speaker in the room a voice booms.

‘’If One of these two men decides not to kill you, you will not die. But if not, you will be
shot. You have 60 seconds to convince one not to shoot you’’

And as you look on; terrified… the two men raise their gun.

But you look at them and you notice something. One of the men’s hands are shaking, he has
fear in his eyes, and he looks so terrified to shoot.

The other man looks at you, you had probably insulted him in the past. He hates you. He
hates your mother, and your father and all your village people.

And you have JUST 60 seconds to convince ONE OF THEM not to shoot you. Who would
you try to convince?

Some people, like me way back, tries to convince people who don’t need their product to buy
their product, and waste time and money running marketing that lose them money.

The moment that I ignored the ‘’Money guys’’ and focused on the guys who weren’t rich, but
still wanted love – bam; my sales sky-rocketed. They started buying in droves

When you market, market to people MOST LIKELY to buy your product. Everything else
doesn’t matter.

You can’t try to sell nice shirts, to a guy who doesn’t wear nice shirts. You can’t look at
someone’s hands and he is wearing 500 naira watch and you try to get him to buy a rolex.
How? He’d laugh at you, and pour you spit and tell you are devil for bringing that kind of
watch to him.

Like I always tell people. Soon I might decide to do a master class, and it won’t be sold
ANYTHING LESS than 22,000 naira.

And you’d notice something. I would NEVER come to BEG anyone, or try to convince
someone to get the money to buy it. It’s either you want it, and you want it enough to buy it
or you don’t. In that case, just consume the free stuffs. Sales is as simple as that.

Focus on the people that really matter. People that really need what you sell. Forget the rest,
they are just background noise.

Let your marketing message reflect that. Is your services or product expensive? Focus on
attracting well to do clients MOST likely to afford it. Don’t beg people who can’t buy. They
will NOT buy. So why waste your efforts? If you sell cheap stuffs, don’t take it to the big
boys. They don’t like cheap things

This always reflects in my ads whenever I write ONE. What I do is ONLY to try to convince
people that need my product that my product is the best product for them. Read that again.

What I do is to ONLY try to convince people that need my product that my product is the
best product for them

Note. I didn’t see people likely to need it. I said People WHO NEED IT. People who are
likely to need it are a waste of my time.

If you want to sell whitening creams, you can’t convince someone who doesn’t like the idea
of whitening up to buy. But you can easily convince someone who wants to lighten up to buy
simply by showing her that your product is the best, safest lightening cream she can ever
come across.

Hope you got this?

In My Next post I will explain how to determine the kind of people most likely to buy your
product or service so you can be able to better attract them.

Don’t Work In Your Business

If you want to grow your business, you need to read this now.

DON’T WORK IN YOUR BUSINESS!!

There was a reason I took interest in marketing when I did. I learnt very early what kind of
business I was in. And usually, you are not in the business you think you are in

I have done a lot of businesses in my short stay on earth.

I have sold home rental services.

I have sold trainings and digital products.

Heck, I have sold creams online, and I have helped over 72 businesses set up their marketing.
And here is what I have learnt. Whenever I do ANY of these businesses, that is NOT the
business I am doing.

I’m in the business of MARKETING.

Stay with me, you will get this.

Before I started my dating digital product business, a lot of people told me NO ONE would
buy. Even some of the top guys in the industry told me the same thing too. ‘’People who want
dating advise are broke’’. They said. ‘’They don’t have money, talk more of buying ebooks’’

…plus Nigerian men don’t buy those kind of things.
But I knew one thing. It is not just enough to have a good product, if the marketing is
completely badass you will make a killing. If it is not – NOBODY will buy.

Some months after, I showed one of these ‘’top guy’’ how much I was pulling in and he
couldn’t believe it. You are making all that selling eBooks, dating eBooks?

I did the same thing again with some physical product I sold online.

But most people don’t get it. They waste time running their business when what they should
run is their marketing.

If you make cake, stop worrying about whether the icing is enough or the flour is white
enough. The focus should be; ‘’How Do I Get A Ton Of Customers & Keep Them To Keep
Coming Back’’

Just that one question.

Every other thing is a distraction. Whatever you are not good at, outsource and have others do
it for you – while you work on marketing your business and pulling in more customers. You
can’t spend time to bake the cake, and very little time in getting customers in

I have seen people who hire people, and still end up doing the job of the people they hired.
They feel they are running a business, but they only got themselves a job.

I just feel I should put this out there.
However, this week I am going to be sharing with you MORE marketing tips that will help
you to attract MORE customers so you can sell more of your products. It is going to be a
busy week, I have great stuff lined up for you guys.

Just watch out for the posts when they start raining down.

Have an awesome Profit filled week!

From The General With Love;
Czar

How To "Keep" Money

It took me a lot of years to learn what i'm about to tell you right now. Come closer.

For some, this might be something they already know. So they might not find it really
helpful. In fact, what i'm about to show you is very simple. And because it is so simple
people sometimes miss how powerful it is.

But still; the question is, assuming you already know this secret I'm about to tell you, do you
really practice it?

If you don't then better start today.

So what is the secret?

This is how to manage cashflow.

Assuming you are starting from scratch. You have a paying job and some business. You
basically make spurts of money from here and there. And you have this dream to start small
and build an empire.

But you’ve noticed a problem; you realize that keeping the money you make is hard. Harder
than even making it. You make and then you spend it all.

So some very important question arises. You begin to wonder:- How do you re-invest what
you've made?

- Why is it that money keeps slipping out of your hands after you make them.

- Why is it that after every month you start afresh without a dime remaining from previous
cash you've made in the past month?

- Should you reinvest everything you make at once, or save them till they pile up and then
reinvest?

If you've not asked yourself any of these questions then it's either your dad is horribly rich
man and he pays your bills or you are far too young to worry about money issues, or you
don’t have plenty sense like that. You are a rebel marketer, so I know your sense overflows.

In such case where you haven’t bothered about the above questions, don't worry your little
head about them. Just close this post and enjoy your peaceful life.

But if you need a solution to these questions, here it is -

1. Create an "investment" savings account. Let this bank account be different from your
personal account. Don't have an ATM card to this particular account

2. When you get your income; take out a part of it FIRST. The part you take out should never
be less than 5 percent of your entire income (you can take out more if you like).

3. Take that 5 percent (or more) and keep pouring it into the investment savings account.
Never touch it, not even during emergencies - that account is sacred.

4. Use the remaining part of your income, put it into your "personal" bank account and do
whatever you want with it; feeding, taking your babe out, clothing, offering...whatever. But
let your hands never dip into the investment account.

5. Keep saving up money in the investment account; when it gets to an amount for the type of
investment you have in mind then invest it. (be careful how you invest, so you won't loose
this money)

That is it.

If you keep mixing your income and putting everything into your personal account, you will
keep spending it. And you know what that means, it's like going round in a circle.

You make, and you loose everything and then start all over again. I've learnt that no one gets
ahead in life that way.

But that is the ‘’safe path’’, and safe is boring. Plus you might keep money aside and then
one day something will come and, fiam, you deep your hand into your savings and finish it in
one sweep.

That brings us to the BETTER way.

Increase your income. You do this by selling more of your products, or being good and hot in
demand at what you do and charging premium prices

Someone who makes 100,000 naira monthly will be able to save 50,000 naira faster than
someone who makes 10,000 naira. It is really simple.

The higher your income, the faster you will be able to save plenty money for investment into
your project.

Hope this helps.

A Quick 12 Steps Sales Letter Template

Have you ever tried to write a sales letter and you discover you have COMPLETELY no idea
how to start, where to start from or what to start with….

It’s a common problem.

Below I have listed the 12 things to touch on when writing the sales letter. It could help get
your mental juice flowing…..there is no rule to the template to use in writing a sales letter;
you could play around with this to suit you.

Let us get started.

Step One: Get Attention

(This is done with the headline and sometimes the first few lines of the letter)

Step Two: Identify the problem

(This is where you describe the prospects’ problems. Go straight to the point here. Use short
sentences. If you can describe the prospects’ problems well enough and in the exact way he
feels the pains of that problem, he would believe you have the solution.

Step 3: Provide the solution.

(However, don’t just jump into positioning your product as the solution immediately.

First talk about other solutions you tried out that didn’t work really well or did not last long,
and then talk about why those solutions don’t really work so well before landing on the
discovery that finally eliminated the problem.

For instance, the men health niche…..you could describe other natural solutions to PE that
you’ve tried like this…..Example; “I tried out lots of things. First it was kegel exercises,

Although it increased my staying power by about a minute or so, but that was all. No matter
how long I kept at it, there was no more improvement. So I began to search for a fast solution
that would last - List some other stuffs you tried out then softly land on your product. This
injects believability into what you have written.

Step 4: Present Your Credentials -
Why you are the right person to recommend the solution. Be careful with this part.

Step 5: List the benefits of getting your product.

Step 6: Show social proof and testimonials from other customers.

Step 7: Make Your Offer Here

Step 8: Inject Scarcity.
(Once we run out of stock we’d start turning down orders, And mean this, no tricks. If you
say sales stops by 12, stop it by exactly 12. If you only trick people they would stop believing
you)

Step 9: Give a guarantee (If you don't like it, I will return your money and apologize to you
for wasting your time.

Step 10: Call to action.
Step 11….make the necessary arguments to convince the prospect why it’s a good idea to
invest in the product, etc…..

Step 12: Drop the PS here.

Happy selling

The Power Of Focus

I first learnt the power of focus from my mum.

And she did it with just a plate of rice.

You see, I like food a lot but what I like more is meat. So, as a child, I would go for the meat
on top of my food first and then either forget the food or just end up eating very little...

But you see, my mum has this really "weird" belief that eating your meat before eating your
food is a bad habit.

So she started watching out for my "bad meat habit". She would drop the food and then
smack my face whenever I go for the meat first.

"Finish your food first". She would growl. "In fact, don't touch that meat until you finish that
food".

I tried getting my way with crying and tantrums and it didn't work. So I got the message and
just calmed down to unlearn my favourite bad habit...

So I would eat and eat (with tears running down my face), and force myself to finish the food
because if I didn't then no meat for me.

Till today I don't go for the meat in the food till I'm done eating. And when I see people who
eat meat first before they start eating, I get disgusted.

So why I'm I telling you this story?

First, because I wanted to tell you the secret of why I grew up to become such a cute young
man - I always finished my food as a child.

And secondly, It's also because I want to show you the power of a meat in your life (pun
intended).

You can't focus without a goal (meat). A specific goal.

A Lot of people start up a project or make new year resolutions and then either change it or
dump it entirely before they finish.

The reason we do this is is because we don't have a specific goal that fits into the plan for that
project.

When you focus on a specific goal, focusing on the task at hand becomes easier...

So...you want to be more hard-working in your office? To focus on been more hard-working
in your office then you need to get a goal that will push you on - like say; winning best
employee of the year by December.

You want to stop smoking, have a goal that will keep you focused. Like say, I want to quit
smoking by the end of the year so my spouse will kiss me more without hesitating at the
thought of my breath (or whatever else that you would like)

Or...I need to put more work into my business so I will save 24 million geez. That will
focused on your work because you have a target.

When goals are specific, focus is easier. When your goals are not specific, it's harder to be
focused....
Happy focusing.

PS: when you use personal stories to teach concepts to your audience, you connect with them
and build a rapport faster. I bet you liked me a little bit more just by reading about me talk
about my mum *winks*. Talk more about your mum, your daddy, your exes, your kids....spin
concepts around them, your readers would feel they've known you all their life.

PSS: A lot of people have been asking me to give them a step by step template they can use
to write good sales letters fast. Tonight I am going to be giving out my favourite quick 12
step sales letter template.

This is the exact template I use to churn out sales letters quickly when I don't have the time or
strength to be creative, I will be giving you the template so you can use to write your own
sales letters that gets buyers without having writers blocks

An Ad Sample You Can Use To Sell An Info Product Or Drive Web Traffic To A
Webpage

If you are a married woman, or you have a boyfriend – by the time your marriage or
relationship is 5 years old your spouse would have cheated on you TWICE….no matter how
decent or faithful he is right now.

I know this sounds a little harsh, but it is the truth.

If you read this short note to the end, I will prove this to you….and you may find it shocking
that even the man you believe cannot hurt a fly might already be cheating on you in secret

But then I will show you what to do now to ensure that NO MAN ever cheats on you again.

Not just that, I will also drop on your laps powerful little tips that can make you 10 times
more attractive to almost any man…no matter how old and no matter how fat you look, these
weird little secrets will tie him down to you and get him completely obsessed about you – no
matter how promiscuous he is.

And if you apply what I’m about to show you on the man of your dreams he will do anything,
and even go as far as begging you to marry him just to make you his forever….no matter how
fat, how old or even if you feel you are not that pretty.

Now, I will have to warn you…..what I’m to reveal to you are dangerously powerful, it is like
messing with a man’s head with love portions.

If you are the kind of woman who gets turned off by a guy always calling your phone,
sending you love texts, driving to your house at 6 am just to see you, then I will advise you
NOT to try this on any man in your life…..because it will completely mess with his head and
make him go crazy about you.

But if you are not afraid of romance and love with the man of your dreams; Then slowly read
every word on this short page now..

Here is the scary part. Men’s brains are designed to cheat.

When a man sees a naked sexy woman, all the nerves in his body stands and all he thinks
about is one thing – sex!

….it doesn’t matter if he is married, it doesn’t matter if he is in a serious relationship. Heck, it
doesn’t even matter if that man is celibate – holding himself back from thinking dirty thought
about that naked woman will be the HARDEST thing in the world for him.

Now here is why this is absolutely dangerous.

This happens to him UNCONTROLLABLY. This is why a man gets an erection in public,
even when it would embarrass him – he has absolutely no control over how his body feels,
and how it responds to these things.

For a man to hold back from going after that woman he would need STRONG self control.

But here is the problem….

A man gets BORED fast. If he has sex with you more than five times, he starts craving for a
different female body. And this cravings grows as he spends more time with you.

This is why a guy might like you, but the moment he has sex with you maybe once or twice –
bam – he switches off.

This is why men get married, then the next moment they are running after single girls. The
more a man has sex with one woman the more he will crave a new woman. And it doesn’t
matter if the new woman is not as hot, or as beautiful or as smart as the woman in his
life…….all he would crave for is a NEW body. This is why you see a man with a very pretty
wife cheating with a woman who doesn’t look half as good as his wife.

And it gets even worse if he goes out and sees all the beautiful women scattered all over. The
more he sees these women the more the desire will DOUBLE.

It’s an absolutely scary stuff.

This may have even happened to you in the past. A guy loves you then all of a sudden he just
switches off, he starts misbehaving or just out-rightly cheats on you.

But what if I show you how to hold a man’s interest for as long as you want and get him
addicted to you.

You see…there are some very powerful, purely psychological triggers you can push now and
it gets a man so into you the next moment. You can use this little secrets to make a man fall
in love with you, and get him to chase you like his life depends on you no matter how
handsome, tall, rich or famous he is.

[INSERT YOUR eBook Description Here]

The above is an example of a written advertisement you can use to sell an info product or
drive web traffic to a webpage.

A Sales Persuasion Strategy You Can Use To Increase Desire For Your Product

If you use this well it could increase the number of sales you make by some percentage

Let’s get right to it, shall we…

You might have noticed how hard clothe and shoe sellers try to get you to put on a cloth, or a
shoe you’ve indicated interest in, when you walk into their shop.

The moment you touch it, they want you to just put it on and “test” it.

And funny enough, you put it on and you start wanting it.

This is deliberate. And this strategy is an old sales strategy used as far back as ancient
Greece.

I call it the “demonstration persuasion technique” and I use it in most of my sales letter too.
So how do you get someone to test your product with a sales letter?

Let me show you how…

Let’s say I want to sell someone a physical video on real estate investing….i could do it this
way.

“The moment you place an order for this video your phone is going to ring at exactly 3-5
minutes after you submitted the order form, and when you pick the phone it would be
someone from my office calling to confirm your order.

In 12 seconds, the order would be confirmed and my delivery department would begin
wrapping your video pack in a shiny black bag with our company name on it….ready to be
shipped to you…

....In 5 days it would brought right to your house, well wrapped and packaged with a red
ribbon on it….

All you need to do is, tear the red ribbon….unwrap the red shiny black gift bag, and bring out
the video yellow pack.

This is where it gets very interesting….

When you slot the first disc into your DVD, quickly sit back on you couch and hit the play
button on your dvd remote… at exactly 4 minutes into watching the DVD you would have
learnt how to easily raise money to buy a 20,000,000 naira house, fast, in any part of Nigeria,
even if you don’t have that kind of money in your bank account now.

And the moment your DVD timer hits 15 minutes 2 seconds, you would see me explaining,
step by step, how you can buy 4 houses in the next 36 months, legally using other people’s
money and none of your own….

If you decide to pause that video at this point, bring it out and slot in the part 2 disc….10
minutes into the second video you would learn one technique I use to get banks to lend me
money to buy houses with little interest….

And so on….and so on…..

When you get the prospect to vividly see himself getting and using your product, you make
him desire it. Plus it is also a way you can creatively use to weave in the features of what you
sell.

============================================
Here is another example. Let’s try to sell a car tracker to women who want to spy on their
husbands….
============================================

“The moment our delivery man brings this car tracker to you ….simply tear the small grey
delivery bag open, bring out the little car tracker, walk to your husband’s car and carefully
reach out and just attach it below the driver seat where no one else would see.

Then wait for your husband to drive out. The moment he starts the ignition, hit the switch on
the remote that came with the tracker, pull out your phone and right before your eyes,
instantly, Google map would automatically come up with a little dot on it.

That dot is your husband’s car.

The moment he drives out through the gate, you’d see the dot slowly slide through your street
on the Google map, if he makes a turn down the street….you would also see the dot make a
turn too. If he pulls to a stop in front of anywhere, the dot stops …and this way you could
practically follow him around town, while sitting on the couch in your living room and
watching TV…..

The more you make your prospect see himself use the product the more you make him desire
it.

Hope this helps.

Shalom…..

An Example Of How You Write Adverts That Get People To Buy A Product

[Remember this?]

If you are above 35, and have at least one kid then your husband is cheating on you!!!!

And even if he is not yet, he will VERY soon.

But if he is God-Fearing and not likely to cheat, he is praying RIGHT NOW for God to
change you.

I know you are shocked at this point....or annoyed even.

But hold on and continue reading. What i just told you is 100 % true & the reason might
COMPLETELY surprise…..

Here is why:

3 Years ago 6 researchers walked into the biggest records office in California and pulled out
every single record on every single persons that ever got divorced in California.

And what they found in those records absolutely left them shocked.

Guess what?

They discovered that MORE than half of the divorce in California happened because the
woman caught her husband cheating….

But that wasn’t the shocking part….far from it.

The shocking part was that ALL those women told the divorce court the SAME THING....
that the cheating started AFTER their 35th birthday.

Every single one of them….the moment they hit 35, bam, their husband started cheating.

The coincidence was too much.

It was as if there was a clock in these men’s head that told them that once their wife clocked
35 they should start cheating…..

….but these researchers, just to be sure it wasn’t just a huge coincidence, repeated the same
process in

Los Angeles
Texas
Washington…..

And guess what. The same thing kept happening in all the states!!!!

It was as if Every man in America was cheating on their wife once she became 35

That was when they became really shocked…. Completely baffled at this point, They got a
team of experts together, started digging further. And what they found out was breath-
taking!!!!

It is actually pure science. And here is what happens

Once a woman hits 35…..all the metabolism in her body suddenly grinds to a stop, picks up
again and start happening in a slow motion.

….at this point, menopause starts setting in, her mensuration starts reducing.

But these ones isn’t even the dangerous part. The dangerous part is that whenever a woman
eats ANYTHING at this point it takes time to digest.

So the food begins to accumulate in her arms, and her tummy and her body as PURE FAT!!
She begins to gain weight and then she starts losing her figure and she stops looking
attractive like she used to. This is the point where their husband starts looking outside for
better women

They cannot help it. It is the way men are wired. They are attracted to what they see.

….My guess is that this is already happening to you, it might not make your husband cheat,
God Forbid, but you need to do something about it now Fast before it ruins your looks
soon… [Insert More Agitation Here].

Here is the good news, there is a way you can actually easily get the shape of sexy 18 year
old girl without doing a single exercise….and it was developed by these same 6 researchers

Bla Bla Bla….[Insert Product Here and Ask For Purchase]
==========================================

This is a test weight loss copy I wrote last year for fun. It is incomplete. This an example of
how you write adverts that get people to buy a product. It is part of what you’d be learning in
this group as we go on. Join here == >
https://www.facebook.com/groups/doubleyourprofitacademy/

Letter From The Author;

Hello, My name is Czar.

Founder of the Rebel Marketers’s Community; Double Your Profit Academy.

We are, by far, the fastest growing marketing community in Nigeria. And we are just starting,

Here is the raw fact. If your marketing is good, more people will buy what you have to sell.
This is why people buy Apple phones like crazy, and those that can't afford it still DESIRE it.
Apple’s marketing is so badass that people desire, borrow and buy their gadgets JUST to show
it off.

Right here, we teach the apple strategies. When you learn these strategies your sales will begin
to improve and your business will begin to give you more revenue. Imagine if you learn how
to get customers to flood to your business without EVEN trying.

By this time next year, if you join us now, you’d be twice better than most people in the same
business as you.

..you are going to become COMPELETELY ‘’evul’’ at marketing.

This power would come so naturally to you that you’d be able to influence, motivate and get
people to buy your product and pay for your services….without even trying.

Go here to join over 6,782 other members;
https://www.facebook.com/groups/doubleyourprofitacademy/

Czar
The General

